A weekly discussion with web.
This is Lawrence Ryan announcing show
number two 53 recorded live
Thursday, February 10th, 2011. Support for Hansel
minutes is provided by Telerik
rad controls, the most comprehensive
suite of components for windows
forms and asp.net Www dot
dot com and John Galloway.
Hi, this is Scott Hanselman
and this is another episode
of Hansel minutes. I'm sick.
And there you go. I
got pneumonia, but that doesn't
mean that I can't podcast
from my death bed. And
today joining me on my
death bed is Javier Lozano
and John Calloway. How's it
going guys? So we had
a very interesting event that
I actually slept through. I'm
afraid. Forgive me. I was
not able to join you
guys on, on Tuesday, John,
what did we, what did
we accomplish this week here
on Tuesday? Well, we had
a second MBC comp. We
had our first MVC comp
last July and it was
a little bit like code
camp style. We had, you
know, a lot of PR
we had a lot of
presentations given over live meeting.
And so for the second
one kind of concurrent with
the MVC three release or
close closely following it, we
had, we wanted to kind
of blow it out a
bit. So we kept up
with all the live meeting
events and we also had
a full track running in
the channel nine studios. So
we had some live broadcast
video and we also had
all these. So we had
a total of 27 presentations
going on. So it was
a live virtual conference and
it was free. Wow, that's
cool. So this is the
first, the second year. How
did, how did this start?
Whose idea was this? This
was actually Eric. Hexter his
idea. He kind of proposed
it lasts last summer. And
I have you heard, do
you have some more information
on how on the Genesis?
Yeah, actually Eric and I
lead the community for NBC
virtual user group. We meet
every Wednesday at noon central
time. And after doing a
couple of times, Eric was
like, Hey, we can go
a little bit bigger on
this. You know, what do
you think about doing a
virtual conference through live meeting?
And I told him that
it sounded crazy. And then
a month later he pings
me and says, Hey, we
really need to do this.
So we started talking about
it and that's how the
whole concept of getting all
these pieces together, came to
be. Wow. Okay. So this
is second year and you
just went from being a
small user group. That's just
Medicaid, only online. I mean,
how, how big is the
virtual user group? And when
you do meet, how many
people show up When we
do meet whereabouts 30 to
40 members, right. And we
cover different aspects of know
of NBC, you know, maybe
jQuery pieces or view engines
and so forth. And it
was more of the as
like, Hey, can, can, can
this things stand on its
own. And actually the first
NBC conflicts in July and
now we're, we just hit
the second one. So it's
actually been less than a
year then if we've done
this Actually yeah. Wow. That's
like six months and then
another conference, six months later.
Yeah. Yeah. So we've been
careful not to call this
the 2011 NBC conference expecting
to do them kind of
regularly. Wow. Okay. Interesting. And
this, this virtual users group,
you guys meet on live
meeting as well. Yeah. Yeah,
exactly. We, we, we were
able to get a live
meaning accounts through a ,
you know, there that's one
of the supports that they
have for dot user groups.
So we have one room
specifically specific for, for that
meeting. And for this instance
of MVC CARF, we decided
to create an event or
live meeting and use more
rooms from that account. Okay.
And I, and of course
being the international dotnet, here's
your group association. And so
that's cool. So you're saying
that you just asked and
they made it available to
you, and this means that
the virtual user group effectively
costs you nothing but your
time, correct? Yep. Okay. But
that's going from 30 people,
but I was hearing that
you had as many as
2000 people for MVC comp,
how do you scale John
from 30 people occasionally to
2000 people in an instance,
right. Well, and you know,
we don't actually have the
full usage numbers in, but
it could be a lot
more than that, that we're
actually logged in on Tuesday.
It's, it's harder to know
because it was the video
streaming goes over CDN and
all that. But from page
hits, we could have had
quite a bit more, but
so each individual live meeting
has a maximum of 1,250
people. So we tested out
beforehand that we could spin
up three or four of
these. So that gives, that
gives some scale and individual
rooms, but we still have
that cap for one meeting.
And if we wanted to
have, like, for instance, a
keynote by Scott Guthrie, we needed
to broaden that out quite
a bit. So in order
to do that, we decided
to have one track that
was all given over silver
light, smooth streaming, and filmed
in the channel nine studios.
And, Okay, so multiple tracks,
then three, three tracks you
had running at the same
time, We actually had four
tracks. Wow. Okay. So four
tracks, 1,250 people max per
of the, for the first
three tracks. And then one
track was done over several
light and, and who helped
you with that? That was
the channel nine studios. So
Nick Fellingham was kind of
our main contact there. We
had great support all the
way up Dan Fernandez, Jeff
San quest. And it was
kind of down to the
wire a little bit because
they were doing a big
studio remodeled or in this
time. So they've expanded their
studio out quite a bit.
It, it all came together.
You know, we were having
pretty regular calls, making sure
that we're up to that
it was actually gonna happen,
you know, but so they
did all the, they have
a really professional setup going
there. I mean, you see
any of the things that
are filmed in channel nine
and they're high quality. And
so they, we kind of
came in and we said,
here's our schedule. What do
you guys think? And then
I worked with Nick and
he came up with a
schedule that was down to
the minute, you know, cuts
on the video. I need
your slate here at this
time that we're going to
show well, people wait and
they just, you know, they
do the whole five, four,
three, two, and then they
stopped talking and they point
at you and you talk
all that stuff. So it's
a full on studio experience.
How did you make the
jump though from a community
based free event that was
kind of doing its own
thing to getting kind of
Microsoft involved? I mean, I
know John, you and I
worked for Microsoft, but did
you just, you know, make
a call to channel nine
and how did you have
to pitch it? I mean,
clearly this costs somebody money
and you know, how did
that get paid for, or
was it all volunteer including
channel nine's efforts? So I
can talk a little bit
more about that. Scott, since
I was the money man
for this, for this. And
one of the things that
we ended up doing is
I, a while back, I
had approached Scott goo about
and about doing this, you
know, getting him on board
to do a keynote at
that point, we weren't quite
sure how this keynote was
going to solidify, but I
figured, Hey, it's good, you
know, to kind of tap
his shoulder and get him
interested. So we talked a
little bit about it. And
then Scott goo brought up
the idea of, of doing
it on campus because obviously
as we all know, he's
a pretty busy guy and
actually everybody, you know, and
they spend at a team
is pretty busy, busy. So
we started talking about those
pieces. And from that perspective
is our original budget for
NBC comp. One was very
small because again, it was
no cost to us cause
it was all through live
meetings. Right. I knew that
was the one who was
upfronting that cost. Well, this
instance, because we were going
with live streaming, we had
to raise money for that.
And so we ended up
creating three different tiers of
sponsorship, a platinum, a gold
and a bronze. And we
had associated different benefits and
parks for that. And, and
the, and the platinum one
was the one that, Hey,
you're going to help cover
most of the costs, if
not all the costs for
live streaming. Cause at point
when we were talking with
channel nine, we weren't quite
sure how much it was
going to cost to, you
know, stream seven hours of
HD video across the internet.
So we kind of tackled
for that and we actually
had a, a sponsor, they
own Bronco project step up
and be the platinum sponsor.
You're kidding. So an open
source project stepped up to
help a community group. That's
amazing. Correct. Yeah. Yeah. They
were amazing. And, and we
also had other sponsors such
as dev express Telerik and
for just sticks. TechSmith was
a huge sponsor because they
gave us temptation licenses. So
we can do local recordings,
nimble prose code project. It
was just, you know, on
and on that that we
were able to get some
money and funding to actually
make this happen. And obviously
Microsoft was the big sponsor
there because they provide a
channel nine and next time
and you know, obviously John's
time as well for us
to get all this orchestration
going. That's pretty cool. That's
pretty cool. From a money
point of view, you know,
the channel nine folks just
said, here's what, here are
our costs. And they kind
of just passed them over
to us. And Javier paid
them, you know, out of
our donation budget. And we
actually also had donations. We
had an option during the
registration process where you could
buy a free ticket or
you could choose to donate
if you wanted to. And
so we had some people
choose to donate, which was
cool. And then the, you
know, with money leftover after
donations, we're going to donate
some of that money to
the jQuery project. So we
just thought that was kind
of a great, you know,
it's kind of a whole
open source feel from beginning
to end with this it's
community run, it's free, it's
volunteer speakers. And, and so
we just thought that it
would be great at the
end of that. If, if
things all worked out and
we had money left over
to give some of that
to jQuery. Very cool. Yeah.
I was just, I was
really, I was in the
one last year and I
was just kind of sad
to miss this one. It
was the perfect storm for
me. That's pretty, it's pretty
amazing though, that it works
so nicely to did anything
go wrong? I mean, was
there any, you know, how,
like when you're organizing a
wedding, one thing always goes
wrong. They always say, but
it's usually something that no
one notices were there any
big crises? I think the
biggest crisis was the, we
had one of the tracks
was Steve Sanderson presenting on
NBC scaffolding and it worked,
but it wasn't ideal. He,
we had a presentation that
was relayed from UK over
live meeting and we picked
up the video for it
and presented it over the
smooth streaming. And, and of
course, you know, I mean,
it sounds crazy. So we
actually did a full tech
check with that. We had
Steve sign on, we, we
had live meeting running, we
had the, you know, tested
out audio video, everything worked
beautifully. We were, we were
just shocked at how well
it worked. And then of
course during the actual conference,
the screen resolution was off.
So I was sitting on
the live meeting relay machine,
like scrolling to keep where
he was typing or w
or, you know, keep everything
in, in the view. And,
and so, and the refresh
rate was low and everything.
So, you know, there's only
so much that we could
do with that, for the
follow on video we're going
to have, you know, we're
going to take the live
meeting, recording, and record and
reprocess that. So that'll be
viewable, but, but the actual
live thing, it, it worked,
but it wasn't as I
think it was a little
jarring going from the absolutely
beautiful crystal clear video that
was in the channel nine
studios to it, a live
meeting presentation, but the content
was so good. I, as
a viewer, I thought it
was amazing. So, Well, yeah.
I mean, if, if, if
that's the worst thing that
happened, then that sounds like
that's nothing at all really.
And the thing that's interesting
is that you can optimize
for the off the offline
viewer. And this is something
that I do in my
presentations actually, when, when drew
Robbins and I were in
Belgium and the Netherlands just
a couple of weeks ago,
where I, where I think
I got sick, we sat
there actually before a presentation
for a a hundred people.
And we said, all right,
who do we optimize this
for? Right. Do we optimize
it for the a hundred
people who are standing in
front of us or do
we optimize it for the
couple of thousand who will
download it? I think that's
a really important thing. And
the fact that, that you're
gonna remaster his video and
optimize for the, you know,
the greater, the greater amount
of people who will eventually
download it over a longer
period of time is the
right thing to do. Yeah.
And that was a great
benefit with TechSmith joining in
to help out because by
giving all the speakers, Camtasia
licenses, they were able to
do local HD recordings and
they could go through and
read it later. And they
could also, if the recording,
for whatever reason, you know,
if they weren't happy with
their presentation or the recording
didn't well, they could just
rerecord it. And we've had
a few cases where that's
happening. So the, exactly like
you're saying that just the
live viewership is great, but
with just about any of
these events that after the
on demand viewership is a
lot greater. So with this,
we had the channel nine
videos since it was smooth
streaming that players stayed up
for awhile afterwards. So after
the conference ended, instead of
waiting for a long time
for videos to be processed,
people could immediately go back
through and watch the keynote
or watching any of the
parts that they'd missed or
wanted to see again. So
I just think smooth streaming,
it's just such an amazing
viewing experience. But then after
that, the channel 19 went
to work and they've already
posted most of our, I
think all of the smooth
streaming films events, and then
we're going through, we've got
a volunteer led by Eric
so well down in Austin.
And he's, he's got volunteers
going through and editing the
live meeting presentations, and they're
chopping off the beginning and
the end and putting a
slate in at the beginning.
And then those will also
go up along with these,
since they're all on HD,
they should all look about
the same quality when they're
all up. Hi, this is
Scott coming to you from
another place in time. Are
you using agile practices to
manage your software development? There's
lots of tools in the
market that manage the steps
of a project, but most
of them focus on individual
roles, get ready for a
solution that caters for the
success of the whole team.
Guys at Tellerik introduced team
pulse. It's an agile project
management tool. That'll help you
gather ideas, estimate plan, track
progress in a common workspace.
Finally, companies, regardless of their
size can use a lightweight
and convenient tool that makes
all the stakeholders work as
a United team. Even if
they're in different countries by
combining intuitive user interface and
the power server light team
poles removes the roadblocks that
you typically face and applying
agile in an effective manner,
no more lost data, no
disparate systems, no lack of
critical analytics regarding the health
philosophy project. See if yourself
get a free copy for
five users in one project
at tellerik.com/team pulse. And please
do thank tolerance for supporting
Hansel minutes on their Facebook
fan page, facebook.com/t L E
R I K Tellerik. We
do appreciate it. They wouldn't
be a Hansel minutes. If
there wasn't teller helping us,
how air, how many people
are involved with this. I
mean, you, you, as you
keep describing jobs, John, you
keep saying well, and then
we've got volunteers for that.
And we've got volunteers for
that. How many people are
doing this? We have a
couple of a couple set
of people doing this. The
biggest thing was the live
meeting crowd. And other words,
the team, I called them
the team of ninjas. And
that was like Raj timeout.
Eric, you know, was, he
looked like he was operating
the matrix because he had
a headset and looking at
multiple monitors and trying to
get everything we're going. I
had John V. Peterson and also Eric
soul, who is like John
mentioned organizing the whole video
editing. He was also helping
out with like meeting and
John Teague. So you might,
you have five people right
there trying to help with
orchestrating all these different things
from 8:00 AM to 5:00 PM central.
And obviously these people need
breaks and so forth. And
so if it would have
been for them, you know,
this couldn't have succeeded as
well as it did. Yeah.
It's pretty, it's pretty amazing.
Now, have you seen anything
like this for Silverlight or
for F sharp or for
other things, or, I mean,
I don't, I don't think
I've seen a conference in
the Microsoft space of this
scale in a, in a
couple of years. Can you,
either of you guys think
of a recent example because
it seems like we should
spin up versions of this
for other technologies. Yeah, actually,
it's, that's one of the
things that, that Eric and
I have always talked about
is that we wanted to
create, you know, create more
than this for just MVC.
Right? So we, we were
talking about something like we
have comp, which is more,
no more related web technologies,
maybe some jQuery, maybe some
web matrix in there, or
other pieces of it. And
we've seen other, other conferences
like that, but nothing in
the virtual world, you know,
like there's Ruby confidence, it's
something you actually have to
physically be there, but it's
more of that, you know,
how do you provide this
large amount of content? And
the closest one that I
can think of is the
Silverlight Firestarter right. That John
Papa just had recently at,
at the Microsoft campus, but,
but that's, but that's still
more of a, it's a
one track thing. Right. And
I logged on, I took
a look at it and
it was, it was actually
great experiences. She is that
way, but this is more
of an interactive one-on-one right.
Hopefully we can, you know,
work out some of the
kinks that we have at
and try to make it
more streamlined and more process.
Cause we really, we really
don't have a secret sauce
yet where we're working towards
it. Know we're just adding
more elements to it and
then see what hits and
what people like. And hopefully
we can mass produce it
even more to other things.
Yeah. It'd be interesting to
see like a dotnet open
source cough and have no
popular open source projects present
how, how to use their
libraries. Right. You know, get
like the Elmont guy, get
the in hibernate guys, get
the Autofac guys or whatever,
and have them put together
a bunch of content. And
you could have, you know,
you got to fucking say
four or five tracks and
people from all over the
place. Yep. To know now
what you've done is you
made our work a lot
harder. Cause Eric is gonna
listen to the podcast and
says, he's going to tell
me we need to do
open source comp. So that's
probably, you know, that's a
great idea. That's probably one
of the next ones to
do on, on the docket.
Cause I think at that
point, everybody benefits from it.
Well, yeah, it'd be really
interesting. And it's it's, I
like that it's a code
camp. I mean, I I've
had more fun at code
game and I like mix
and I like tech ed,
but honestly I've had more
fun at local code camps
than really anywhere. There's just
a, it's just a community
feel. But one of the
things that I think we
should talk about is that
NBC comp well, well, virtual,
isn't just a bunch of
Smarties streaming video out to,
to me, the, the viewer,
there's also multiple feedback mechanisms.
And I think that's, what's
significant because a number of
people really felt like MVC
comp was very, you know,
very community focused and very
two way. Why was it
two way? What were the
multiple ways that you could
communicate back and forth to
either the person who's speaking
or the people who are
quote unquote sitting next to
you? Well, the, one of
the biggest things we try
to do is we try
to leverage as many channels
of communication as possible specifically
channels that a developer might,
might be most more apt
to use. One of them
obviously is being right. So
for, for the live streaming
sessions, we had people tweet
questions for like Ski-Doo during
his keynote or Brett Wilson
and even plan block. And
one of the things that
we did is actually John
was the machine at this.
He, we had a, a
laptop plugged into a teleprompter
inside the studio. So John
will be scanning like crazy
the Twitter feed, trying to
find a question for, you
know, for the speaker at
the time and retype and
try to make sense out
of the tweet and then
converted into a question. And
so then it was interesting.
Cause as soon as John
was typing it, you could
hear somebody saying, Oh, and
we have a question from
Twitter. It was like, it
was sort of a weird,
weird echo, but, but cool
at the same time to
provide that mechanism and the
other ones, it was, it
was really wild to hear
that real time, just like
question comes in from Twitter
seconds later, I would type
it up and it was
actually just a big LCD
screen hooked up to word
pads. And so I'm just
typing it in and a
huge font. And then boom,
it's up on the screen.
And you could hear immediately
the speaker just address the
question. I thought it was
beautiful how quick that flow
was. Literally. It was the
big thing was that it
wasn't as big as this
year because I think people
were more, there was more
interaction on Twitter then there
than before is that we
did had an IRC channel
where on Freenode where people
can go and have that
conversation. I know that the
first NBC comp Brad Wilson
from the ESPN and that
team was just crazy answering
questions and sort of help
drive the conversation there. And
we call it our hallway.
Right. You know, cause I
know that I haven't been
to Mex, but people who
have been to mix have
always said that the best
conversations were on the hallway.
You know, when you're in
a, whether you're talking to
a fellow attendee or a,
the speaker afterwards. And so
we kinda wanted to drive
that same interaction and IRC
provided a mechanism for that.
And we also had individual
IRC channels for each room.
But like I said, since
we had Twitter and people
were, it was more apt
to see the Twitter feeds
and see that. I think
that was a, a more
cleaner mechanism of consuming them.
The data that the IRC
yep. It's slight drop off.
It wasn't a, it wasn't
as, as high as it
was before, because I don't
think we had as much
focus on it. I think
our biggest focus and this
one was the live streaming
and making sure that went
off without a hitch, because
the main reason that was
is because like John mentioned
earlier, is that scalability issues.
We have the live meeting,
right. With live streaming. We
can scale, you know, and
clients as compared to light
beings, we were tapped. And
so it was more of
like, let's get that right.
We know we got IRC
right from the first one.
And then we know it's
working this one, so let's
work on this next piece
of the puzzle and shift
that. So right. Like with
the IRC last year, we
had a say for instance,
we have this team behind
the scenes that are starting
and stopping the live meeting
sessions. So they would introduce
the speaker, they would start
the server side recording of
the video and then they
would take questions and feed
them to the speaker. But
also while they were doing
that, they were involved in
the IRC web chat. So
they kind of kept it
going. So that was one
of the things that have
the air. And I did.
And this year we were
so busy in the channel
nine studios. We weren't as
able to be involved in
that. So I think, you
know, that, and then just
the combination of, I think
the conversation really just moved
over to Twitter this year,
as opposed to IRC as
much. And you know, I've
been thinking about that. There's
possibly ability to like that's
a place to improve or
scale up in the next
one is to have more
of, you know, like I've
seen Sarah chips has done
this thing where she's had
this land party and people
just kind of log on
and it's video chat. There
could be, you know, open
space or there could be
like kind of just a
meetup thing going on during
the conference there as well,
because you've got all your
friends, you've got all these
people that are really passionate
about this technology all in
one place. And it does
seem like there's an opportunity
for more, if we'd also
talked about something like having
a hackathon follow or proceed
the conference. And so, you
know, as soon as the
conference is over or maybe
as a final session, some,
some people who were leading
open source projects say, Hey,
we'd like to add on
this big feature or we'd
like to do a bug
bash or something like that.
That's all jump on or
you know, that kind of
thing. And so, I mean,
there's definitely social improvement areas
here, but you know, limitation
of how much we can
grow each ones. Right, right.
Yeah. Another idea would be
to have a one or
two local conferences in each
time zone simultaneous to the
scan, to the, to the
video, which I know that
the Firestarter people did where
you'd have like 20 guys
in Australia get together at
the local office and, and
be there physically. So you
could have thousands of people
who are viewing via live
meaning, and then thousands of
people all over the world
that are getting meeting at
universities or offices and just,
just to have 20 or
30 people in the same
room to talk to. So
they could have a little
conference experience there as well.
Yeah. So it's funny you
say that because actually that
was one of the items
who wanted to do it.
And we wanted to leverage
a DPE developer and platform
band to listen for that.
And unfortunately, because of everything
else that we had going
on, and that was, you
know, it was, it was
like it just shipping software,
right. It falls down to
the bottom of the priority
list because we have other
pending items. But I think
for the next one, that's
kind of one of the
things we want to do.
We've been getting pinged by
Clark South from VPE that
he wants to do that
in the Chicago office. And
I know that, you know,
Eric was in the Austin
office. So all the people
who were there were already
there viewing it. And we
partially did an on the
first one, but now it's
getting more of an orchestration
around that. So that way,
if as a speaker are
close to a, you know,
to the multipurpose room that
the office may have at
that location, then you can
leverage, you know, the full
bandwidth and air and every
other resource in there and
really do a presentation. And
at the same time broadcast
it to whoever wants to
see it. Yeah. I think,
I think that, you know
what I think you guys
need to do, and this
is just, you know, I
say this again, flat on
my back without thinking, you
need to write up a
little 20 page PDF ebook
about hosting your own virtual
conference and make it like
a cookbook. You know, here's
the recipe, you know, this
is promotion and this is
streaming and here's the tech
and here's getting sponsors and
here's how you manage the
finance. I think that there'd
be a lot of value
in that. I mean, you
guys have that knowledge now
because you've done it twice,
but you know, maybe there's
someone out there who wants
to do this for SharePoint
or, or good or whatever.
And they may have even
tried to kick it off,
but it hasn't gotten to
the size that they want
it to because there's some
hard one knowledge that you
guys have in your heads
that they don't have. I
think the big trick is
keeping it free too, because
just about any of these
things, you want to do
the costs start adding up.
So the balance of keeping
your costs low and bringing
in the sponsorship to cover
it is tricky. I've seen
other online conferences, but they
usually end up costing, you
know, a hundred, few hundred
dollars, which is okay, it's,
it's definitely, you know, a
lot less than you'd pay
for a, an in person
conference, including all the travel
and all that. But it's
the, that magical free price
point where you can get,
you know, thousands of people
to get their boss to
agree, to let them sit
there for a few hours
and watch a show it's
kind of magical. So, I
mean, it's, I think I
said magical twice, but it's
double magical. And so the,
you know, getting it to
free is a, is a
real trick. Yeah. And, and
the funny part about all
this guy that did the
logistics, I was thinking this
on my way to Seattle
was that only two people
that really had to travel
for this conference and that
was Don and myself, everybody
else was home. You know,
maybe someone had to go
somewhere to get a faster
internet connection, but it probably,
it wasn't anything beyond, you
know, couple a mile or
less than a mile. But
John and I were the
only ones who actually had
to get on a plane,
you know, say bye to
our families for a couple
of days and stay in
a hotel bed to make
all this happen. So it
was, it was pretty, pretty
cool. Right. If you stop
and think about, you know,
from that perspective. Yeah. That
is, that is pretty amazing.
That is pretty amazing. Interesting.
So where can people go
and hear about this, about
these sessions that they missed,
John, where can I work?
And I watched the videos
now, So we're working on
getting all the other videos.
So as we mentioned before,
Eric, Eric is, is I'm
working around the clock on
this, on this free time,
along with all the volunteers
to get the encoding of
his videos up and running.
So we're, we're going to
be hosting everything on channel
nine. So right now we
have the Scott goo keynote,
Phil hacks, but Wilson's and
Glenn blocks presentation out and
channel nine available. And we
can put, you know, we
can give you the link
for that. So you can
put it on the show
and MBC comp.com be updated.
So it has all of
these things at some point.
Absolutely. Exactly. Yeah. That would
be a good, that would
be a good place for
people that just want to
learn about what's there and
also to see the list
of all the sessions and
all that. Is it empty
for@covid.com? Yep. Hmm. And, and
can I go there now
and see last year sessions
as well? Yeah. Yep. Yep.
There's a link on the
lower left hand side that
you can click on and
go back to the previous
content. So, All right. Very
cool. Well, this is great.
Well, do me a favor
and give me the list
of the people that were
involved and the, the sponsors
again, Javier. So, so people
know how many people worked
on this thing. I don't
know, like list it out
right now. I want to,
I think people, Oh, sorry
about that was rash. Kamow
John V. Peterson. Eric. So John T
and R our platinum sponsor
was Umbraco tobacco project. We
had COVID project. We had
Infragistics we had dev express.
We also had obviously Microsoft
and TechSmith, I think Tellerik
Oh, yes. Sorry. My fault.
So, yeah. Telarc was also
a great sponsor. Yeah. Well,
I got, I got, I
got to thank them or
they'll shut me down. Exactly.
No one other, one other
sponsor that we had was
Pluralsight just in that they
agreed to open up their
MPC training. They had done
a promotion a few weeks
ago, where they had some
MPC training by case Scott Allen
available for 24 hours. And
so I just ping them
and said, Hey, do you
want to do that again?
As a follow on. So
people after they finished blowing
their minds with the day
at MPC conference, learn more
and go deeper with it.
So they open that up
for another 40 or 48
hours. Well, thanks you guys.
And thanks. So Eric extra,
who couldn't be with us
today and I'll put up
links to all this and
on the show notes. So
thanks again, everybody for putting
on NBC con. Thank you
for having us on the
show. All right. This has
been another episode of Hansel
minutes, and I'll see You
again next week. .